c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll.config
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll.config
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
G:\File\Projects\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll.config
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
H:\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll.config
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.dll
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.pdb
E:\OpenIT\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\CRUDJQueryDataTables\obj\Debug\CRUDJQueryDataTables.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
